Clarify `String` definition (#2044)
google/comprehensive-rust: src/std-types/string.md

# String

[`String`][1] represents a widely used heap-allocated growable UTF-8 encoded

> string buffer:

Reviewer: `String` represents a heap buffer, but the heap buffer itself is not widely used. I think the original "standard" really doesn't need to be said at all as this is a key part of the standard library that students don't need to be explicitly told is common--they'll have seen it many times.

Reviewer 2: > I think the original "standard" really doesn't need to be said at all as this is a key part of the standard library that students don't need to be explicitly told is common--they'll have seen it many times.

That is a good point, thanks! I am very much in favor of simplifying the text and removing unnecessary words here.

I originally wrote "standard" to emphasize that `String` is the string type you want. Now that I think about it again, this is more something people would ask if they come from C++: in languages like Python, Java, Kotlin, ... there is much less discussion about which string type to use.

So I'm fine with dropping this point. How about this:

```suggestion
[`String`][1] is a heap-allocated growable UTF-8 encoded
string buffer:
```

Reviewer 2: @Enes1313 and @djmitche, please let us know here and below what you think about the suggestions here.

Author: Some of my thoughts:
"is a" : I think this is weird because in the sentence we call string as "string buffer". If we are going to use "is a", we should use "String is a ... string type" like in the Rust book.
"represent": I think this is okay.
"standard" - "widely used": It may be another sentence. Actually, I don't want to see :) I agree with @fw-immunant .

(My English is not very good)

Reviewer 2: I'm using "is a" to describe what `String` consists of, like saying "a house is a place where you live and sleep".

We could simplify it more and say

```suggestion
[`String`][1] is a growable UTF-8 encoded string:
```

That avoids the `buffer` jargon and it removes the detail about where it is allocated.

Author: This is ok for me! Thank you

Reviewer 3: LGTM too
